In this video i wanted to tell you about a
simple thing that you can do to help to
save time while creating your online
music business
This is something that I do it and
recommend to my clients as well
What you call it is up to you but
i like to call it your stash.
Keep watching and I'll tell you all
about it.
This is about getting organized with a
simple tool that I like to call -
Your Stash
Tthis is just a handy place to keep
important information.
When creating your online music business
you will be signing up for all kinds of
sites and services.
For example when you get your domain
name you'll sign up with a domain registrar
and you will get a login password for
that.
You will sign up for web hosting.
You'll get a login and password for that as well
you will also need a video hosting account
which comes of course with a login and
password
Promoting affiliate products and
other sites and services the more sites
and services the more
techniques that i show you that you
employ the more such data you're going
to accumulate.
So your staff can range from a
spreadsheet to simple text editor
I like to use a spreadsheet because it
allows me to sort the information to keep
things more organized.
Now the types information you want to
put in your staff would be the URL of
the website
your username your password
and a note or description that helps
you know what the information's all
about
So keep your stash on the computer where
you're going to be doing most of your
work so you can get to the information
quickly and do simple copy and paste into
the text boxes of the website you are going to.
Let's keep it is simple, save the most
time so you have time to get on the more
important things
like your music.
So your stash is just a simple way to save
time and money.
Searching around for scraps of paper or old emails for login information that's
just a big waste of time
if you're serious about creating your
own online music business
then create your own stash.
So final word
if you have a question or comment
just leave a message below or shoot
me an email at george at ebusk.com
so thanks for watching the video. See you in the next one. Cheers.